feat: initial implementation of new `DiscreteSystem` (#2507)
SciML/ModelingToolkit.jl: docs/src/tutorials/discrete_system.md

> # Modeling Discrete Systems

Reviewer: Mark as experimental until the indexing thing is solidified.

Author: Fixed

In this example, we will use the new [`DiscreteSystem`](@ref) API
to create an SIR model.

```@example discrete
using ModelingToolkit
using ModelingToolkit: t_nounits as t
using OrdinaryDiffEq: FunctionMap

@inline function rate_to_proportion(r, t)
    1 - exp(-r * t)
end
@parameters c δt β γ
@constants h = 1
@variables S(t) I(t) R(t)
k = ShiftIndex(t)
infection = rate_to_proportion(β * c * I / (S * h + I + R), δt * h) * S
recovery = rate_to_proportion(γ * h, δt) * I

# Equations
eqs = [S(k + 1) ~ S - infection * h,
    I(k + 1) ~ I + infection - recovery,
    R(k + 1) ~ R + recovery]
@mtkbuild sys = DiscreteSystem(eqs, t)

u0 = [S => 990.0, I => 10.0, R => 0.0]
p = [β => 0.05, c => 10.0, γ => 0.25, δt => 0.1]

> tspan = (0.0, 100.0) # value function (from Symbolics) is used to convert a Num to Float64

Reviewer: what does this comment mean?

Author: It means I copied the example from tests and didn't notice the comment 😅

Author: Fixed

prob = DiscreteProblem(sys, u0, tspan, p)
sol = solve(prob, FunctionMap())
```

Currently, all updates happen at integer intervals (`t = 1, 2, 3...`). All shifts
in the equations must be positive. For example, instead of specifying the update equation

> for the Fibonacci series as `x ~ x(k-1) + x(k-2)` use `x(k+2) ~ x(k+1) + x`.

Reviewer: Let's not touch that right now 😅 . Just remove that from the docs

Reviewer: Is this still correct?

Author: Fixed

# (Experimental) Modeling Discrete Systems

In this example, we will use the new [`DiscreteSystem`](@ref) API
to create an SIR model.

```@example discrete
using ModelingToolkit
using ModelingToolkit: t_nounits as t
using OrdinaryDiffEq: solve, FunctionMap

@inline function rate_to_proportion(r, t)
    1 - exp(-r * t)
end
@parameters c δt β γ
@constants h = 1
@variables S(t) I(t) R(t)
k = ShiftIndex(t)
infection = rate_to_proportion(
    β * c * I(k - 1) / (S(k - 1) * h + I(k - 1) + R(k - 1)), δt * h) * S(k - 1)
recovery = rate_to_proportion(γ * h, δt) * I(k - 1)

# Equations
eqs = [S(k) ~ S(k - 1) - infection * h,
    I(k) ~ I(k - 1) + infection - recovery,
    R(k) ~ R(k - 1) + recovery]
@mtkbuild sys = DiscreteSystem(eqs, t)

u0 = [S(k - 1) => 990.0, I(k - 1) => 10.0, R(k - 1) => 0.0]
p = [β => 0.05, c => 10.0, γ => 0.25, δt => 0.1]
tspan = (0.0, 100.0)
prob = DiscreteProblem(sys, u0, tspan, p)
sol = solve(prob, FunctionMap())
```

> All shifts must be negative. If default values are provided, they are treated as the value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All shifts must be non-positive, i.e., discrete-time variables may only be indexed at index `k, k-1, k-2, ...`. If default values are provided, they are treated as the value
```

Author: Fixed

> # (Experimental) Modeling Discrete Systems

Reviewer: Is it still experimental?

Reviewer 2: kind of, unless observed variables are working as intended now?

Author: Yeah, since shifting the entire system by one step is basically a workaround and eventually we'll need proper compiler support for this. I've discussed with @baggepinnen and that will end up changing things such as the state realization and observed equations in the simplified system.
